don't even the smallest amount of
four-wheel driving and pretty soon
you'll find out that one of these things
a portable fridge/freezer is one of the
most useful things that you can have in
the back of your four-wheel-drive so
when I hobby set about designing their
brand-new fridge/freezer they ask the
market what they didn't like about their
fridge freezers and boy oh boy do the
results come flooding in people said
that they were too heavy they drew too
much power they were really difficult to
clean they had dodgy dials all sorts of
problems so I'll be talking all that
information and they tried to build the
perfect fridge okay so let's see how
they've done first of all this fridge is
designed on a steel chassis so it's
super strong but they've used
polyurethane panels making it in
lightweight so you're not going to break
your back when you try and lift it in
the back of your fall all Drive secondly
it's got a removable lid so if you've
got a smaller four-wheel drive when you
lift that lit up you won't hit the roof
it'll really put very little stress on
your battery and when the battery
actually gets down to ten point four
volts the fridge will actually cut out
so it still gives you a little bit of
gas left in your power plant on the
front of the fridge you've got a
fantastic little touch panel the beauty
of this is that you need to actually
press the buttons for about three
seconds before they activate so no more
dodgy frozen food when you weren't
expecting it but one of the standout
features of this fridge and certainly
one of my favorites is its clean ability
this fridge has an integrated element so
that means there's no gaps between the
element and the fridge itself so you
don't get any food caught up in those
little crevices the other beautiful
thing is that this fridge actually has
its own drain plug all you need to do is
pop in your detergent and a little bit
of hot water give it a scrub and then
let out the plug too easy
on one last point this fridge has a
super strong latch and lockdown system
so you'll always keep your food nice and
chilled to the non four-wheel driver you
might look at this blue and grey box and
think so what is it that different to
everything else well believe you me it
is very different and it is well worth
looking at because this is certainly one
that's out of the box